{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20840\viewh12100\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 I received my education at Montclair State University, which does have a competitive Computer Science and Mathematics program. During my college career, I learned C / C++.  After college, I began my technical career at IBM. My time at IBM consisted of testing software and hardware components on IBM's UNIX operating system, AIX (Advanced Interactive eXecutive). I continued my career into providing AIX Technical Support to internal and external IBM customers.\
\
During my time at IBM, I became a detail-oriented Software Engineer with expertise in the areas of test analysis, problem determination and resolution, system administration, and technical support. I have written multiple technical documents in order to share knowledge with customers and colleagues. I am adept at working collaboratively in a team environment, and possess strong analytical, communicative, and research skills. \
\
I have a strong eagerness to learn new concepts and technology. I have recently started programming again (in HTML, CSS, Javascript), and I am determined to excel in programming. I enjoy the euphoria of having my programs work as I intended.\
\
This has also led to my enjoyment of reading popular mystery novels. John Grisham and Phillippa Gregory are a few of my favorite authors.  I have also decided to actively search for up and coming novelists. I want to support those with talent who will eventually become well known.\
\
I would like to eventually add international travel as one of my hobbies. I find other cultures fascinating. I think engrossing oneself into different cultures may be more beneficial than traditional classroom education.\
\
\
\
}